a famous frog once said it's not easy
being green but when it comes to living
green interests that can be easy and can
save you a whole lot of moolah to stay
cheap hey I'm Jeff Yeager the ultimate
cheapskate and host of the cheap life
Americans make up just 5% of the world's
population but we consume 30% of the
world's resources but you hear it all
the time sure I care about the
environment but it costs so much more to
live green pardon the f-word but the
truth is an eco-friendly lifestyle can
actually save you money if you do it the
cheapskate way walking or using a
bicycle to get around or two of the
simplest and cheapest ways to go green
good for the environment good for your
health and your wallet you could buy an
expensive new hybrid car but why not
keep your cash and take public
transportation instead there's also some
great car sharing and bike sharing
programs out there just look online for
the ones closest to you
carpooling is also an easy and highly
sociable way to save on transportation
cost but if you can't find someone to
hit you ride with twice lugging no not
that kind of slugging what I'm talking
about is kind of like hitchhiking only
more organized than a heck of a lot
safer here's how it works
individual drivers who want to take
advantage of special carpool lanes and
reduce tolls pull up to a slugline
location the folks who need a lift
hop into each car as it pulls up you'll
find slug lines outside many major
cities during rush hour it's really a
win-win the driver gets there faster and
the passenger gets there for free did
you know that a 2009 car hearing cut
global co2 emissions by nearly half a
million tons that's half the way to the
Golden Gate Bridge organic food could be
pricey but you can save green and go
green by buying in season and local
produce you'll also find that the lower
on the food chain you eat that cheaper
the chow so eat less meat and more
grains fruits and veggies you won't
believe the savings you'll dig up solar
panels and energy-efficient windows will
save you energy and money over the long
haul but the upfront costs can be a real
pain in your assets make your home more
energy efficient with simple
do-it-yourself improvements like the
ones I talked about in this video
remember the best thing you could do for
good old mother earth and your bank
account is to use things up make things
last and in some cases just do without
I'm Jeff Yeager for the cheap life stay
green and stay cheap a big cheapskate
congratulations to
and team winner of the $50 gift card for
her clever cheapskate pantry item be
sure to check out some of my other
videos and don't forget to subscribe
it's free